wait where you going I'm leaving you may
now ya ain't I have to they need me wait
I forgot to ask you how much can a koala
bear hey I'm sorry I'll be back before
you know and if we truly are destined to
be a team I will find my way back you've
always had a way with words yo no he's a
foo I thought you might say that so I
write you this poem roses are red
bananas are yellow I'll never forget you
cuz I'm that good a fellow oh come here
see ya Coco see if Ellis uh so team
monkey man was a total fail all the crew
members are leaving this ain't good for
shiz brah my homies going homie you like
a stab a wrap it's not time for a wrap
not even a small one to learn the mood
no an inspirational rap no rapping I
won't cook her back man you're no fun
diggity dog
Jack fell down and broke his crown and
Jill came tumbling after they are both
in a private hospital still recovering
in recent news dr. Jake van wanna beat
Olsen has broken out of jail bet you
didn't see that one coming monkey man
swell let's see what residents of
Riverton Parke had to say about it
nothin oh good you decided to show up
this time hi Trish i'm here at the car
park for ribbon in park park where
people park their cars to visit the
ribbon in park park and i'm here with
Parker who's wearing a parka Parker how
do you feel about Drake's escape huh
yeah well I'm not too fast Tim rexall
service um t-rex I think yo that he
means to say monkey falls he's making a
name for himself how dare that little
reptile we're not care about Drake yeah
okay we're Darwin what's that up in the
sky is it a bird is it a plane or a
combination of the two but who cares
he's t-rex is here to save the day oh
thank god my baby is stuck up in that
tree it's a monkey it save him have no
fear monkey man's here empo wapa but
mostly me um here boy oh thank you
monkey man my little Timmy thurs all
right yeah take that Rex huh and cue the
montage
ah
impressive but not enough for me to work
with you guys again uh please Rex we're
only two people that's kind of sad for
such an awesome team name oh she is man
I'm sorry you can't just suddenly want
to step up your game and think you have
what it takes to be a true hero I have
what it takes to be riveting parks next
time madam mate well you know what Rex
wait Papa did you just say mate that's
my calc I would have said yeah I miss
that dog uh Rex we would defeat Drake
with or without you preferably with you
but if you want to be stubborn then
stubborn it up my cold-blooded friend
yeah shrimps on to Bob a that's a cocoa
thing right all right monkey man I'll
make you a deal you helped me to feat
drake for good then I'll join you guys
again but not as your sidekick listen
here Rex I'll make you a deal you help
me defeat Drake and i'll let you join
monkey force AKA team monkey man crikey
oh whatever hey enough with the dude
just meet me at the front of Drake
tonight he won't expect us then but we
can't just send him to jail this time
it's simple we kill the Drake yo man we
ain't killing him yo I am guapa de wapa
no proper the killer doesn't work I mean
nice no I think he's right papa I know
it sounds like a terrible thing but he
just keeps making new things that could
potentially kill us all he needs to be
stopped and I'd say that that's the only
way yeah I like this new Rex as far as
liking Rex goes fine gang up on
Wednesday audi now tonight is the night
this could go two ways I could be out
better I could win that kettle I've been
watching on ebay on the other hand you
guys are going to take on trick if we
must take lives then we must risk our
own did that sound cool pretty proud of
that just there hey now bring your best
gear and be careful chief Oh Melvin you
don't have to do this yeah I do I'm
probably gonna be the one saving your
bacon again bacon mmm
here take this ancient monkey ancestors
once said oh shush foo fine just take
the shield it will protect you thanks
monkey man but I've got that gun that I
totally forgot about from episode 5 i'm
pretty sure I've got it covered y'all
should probably say your goodbyes this
could be the last time we meet we might
come back as completely different people
yeah oh you could die either way I'll
have to shoot you to find out hahaha
well Helen survive find out next time on
Survivor I mean monkey man